---
title:  SOPhIA
custom_id: sophia
subtitle: Sustainable Oncologic Prevention through Artificial Intelligence
custom_url: https://youtu.be/G-qlHG4Gg8c
tag: past
image: /assets/images/news/sophia_onor.png
custom_button: watch video
---

 
## About SOPhIA

As part of a team, I had the opportunity to develop an AI-powered mobile application called SOPhIA - Sustainable Oncologic Prevention through Artificial Intelligence. The app was designed to help people monitor and manage their personal health data, with a particular focus on cancer prevention and early detection. Through the use of sophisticated algorithms and machine learning, SOPhIA was able to provide users with personalized health recommendations based on their individual health data, as well as real-time alerts and reminders to schedule important screenings and appointments.

### Virgilio Project

During the early stages of developing SOPhIA, our team participated in the Virgilio Project, a mentorship program aimed at supporting young entrepreneurs and start-ups. As a mentee, I received invaluable guidance and support from a volunteer mentor with expertise in marketing, management, and finance. Through the mentorship experience, I gained valuable insights into the world of entrepreneurship and acquired the skills and knowledge necessary to successfully start and grow a business.

## Rotary Youth Leadership Awards (RYLA)

As part of our efforts to promote SOPhIA, our team participated in the Rotary Youth Leadership Awards (RYLA) program. We presented our app and its features to a group of young leaders and professionals, highlighting its potential to help people take control of their health and improve their quality of life. Our presentation is available on [youtube](https://youtu.be/G-qlHG4Gg8c).

### Menzione Presidenziale

For my contributions to the development of SOPhIA, I was honored with a "menzione presidenziale" award, recognizing my dedication and commitment to using technology and innovation to make a positive impact on society.