---
title: Poster Presentation at TAILOR
slug: tailor_poster
tag: Presentation
image: /assets/images/news/tailor_poster.jpg
image_align: 15
date: 2024.06.04
---
### Promoting Mental Health in AI Research: Insights from the 4th TAILOR Conference

In recent years, the importance of mental health has gained significant attention across various fields, including AI research. At the 4th TAILOR Conference, I had the incredible opportunity to present on this crucial topic.

##### Creating a Space for Conversation

One of the most striking aspects of my presentation was the high level of engagement from the audience. It was truly heartening to witness the collective recognition of the importance of mental health and the power of creating a space for open conversations. This experience reinforced my belief that fostering mental well-being is not just an individual effort but a community-driven initiative.

##### Acknowledging the Support

I extend my heartfelt thanks to the TAILOR Network of Excellence Centres on Trustworthy AI and CLAIRE for making this event possible. Their support has been fundamental in providing a platform to address mental health issues within the AI research community. The TAILOR Connectivity Fund, which I received back in 2023, enabled me to organize this initiative as part of my role in CLAIRE’s R2Net.

##### Building Excellence from the Ground Up

One of the key messages I emphasized during my presentation was that excellence is not just found; it’s built. This building process starts with the mental health of researchers. A supportive and healthy environment is a fundamental stepping stone towards achieving excellence in AI research. By prioritizing mental health, we lay a strong foundation for innovative and groundbreaking work.

##### Continuing the Conversation

As we move forward, it is crucial to keep this conversation alive. Mental health should not be a one-time discussion but an ongoing priority. I encourage everyone in the AI research community to prioritize their well-being and support their peers. Together, we can build a more inclusive, supportive, and mentally healthy academic environment.

In conclusion, I am grateful for the opportunity to contribute to this important discourse and look forward to furthering these efforts.
