---
title: Advanced course on AI on Human Centered AI
custom_id: acai2021
custom_url: https://www.humane-ai.eu/event/acai2021/
image: /assets/images/news/acai_certif.jpg
tag: PhD

---

During the week 11-14 October 2021  I attended the [ACAI  school](https://www.humane-ai.eu/event/acai2021/) in Berlin, Germany.

######  About the Course

The Advanced Course on AI (ACAI) is a specialized course in Artificial Intelligence sponsored by EurAI in odd-numbered years. The theme of the 2021 ACAI School is Human-Centered AI.

The notion of “Human Centric AI”  increasingly dominates the public AI debate in Europe.  It postulates a “European brand” of AI beneficial to humans on both individual and social level that is characterized by a focus on supporting and empowering humans as well as incorporating “by design” adherence to appropriate ethical standards and values such as privacy protection, autonomy (human in control), and non-discrimination. Stated this way (which is how it mostly appears in the political debate) it may seem more like a broad, vague wish list than a tangible scientific/technological concept. Yet, at a second glance, it turns out that it is closely connected to some of the most fundamental challenges of AI.

Within ACAI 2021, researchers from the HumanE-AI-Net consortium will teach courses related to the state of the art in the above areas focusing not just on narrow AI questions but emphasising issues related to the interface between AI and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Computational Social Science (and Complexity Science) as well as ethics and legal issues. We intend to provide the attendees with the basic knowledge needed to design, implement, operate and research the next generation of Human Centric AI systems that are focused on enhancing Human capabilities and optimally cooperating with humans on both the individual and the social level.
