---
title: Drummer
image: ./assets/images/hobbies/drumset2.jpeg
layout: html_view
---
I picked up drumming during the early 2020, to fight the lockdown boredome.
I got my first set from ebay, a brand new Alesis Nitro Pro ![anp] payed half the price! 

[anp]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/hobbies/drumset1.jpeg
{: width="250" class="image-right" } 

[amsterdam]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/hobbies/drumset2.jpeg
{: width="250" class="image-right" } 

[new set]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/hobbies/drumset3.jpeg
{: width="250" class="image-left" } 

[esn]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/hobbies/drumset4.jpeg
{: width="250" class="image-left" } 

[nano]: {{site.url}}/assets/images/hobbies/drumset_vid.mp4
{: width="250" class="image-right" } 

<br />

At the same time I got followed an italian folk metal group on instagram [Nanowar of Steel](https://www.nanowar.it/) (check them out!) and notice the drummer was also a teacher. So i took my chance and contacted him. Fast forward one week, and i was taking regular drumming classes.
<br />
<br />
<br />

At the same time, I managed to enter the [ESN group in Rome](https://romaase.esn.it/), where I became a volunteer, helping foreign students socialize in Rome. Here, I discovered the existence of a music group, where random students would gather in a pub and play together. Easy to guess that I joined immediately and found myself loving the experience 
<br />
![esn]
<br />
<br /><br /><br /><br />


The whole learning part went on for one and a half year until I left for Amsterdam for a research visit. During that time I entered into a band with some Dutch guys (and girls) and we practiced once a week for a few months. 
To this day, I still can't really identify the genre we where playing, but i would compare it to the feeling you have when going to a [sagra](https://mycornerofitaly.com/italian-sagra/) in the countryside at dawn. To my total disbelief, the whole thing was a course meant to train new bands to perform in a final show down, a kind of dutch XFactor. 
You can guess how I felt when i found out... basically i started forgetting everything learnt so far. It was tough, but we managed to get to the performance day![amsterdam]. Luckily I was reading online how to overcome the performance fear, and one user pointed out using sun-glasses... well, this is me following his advise.

The show went great and we were showered with applause and roses (maybe i made the last one up). 
<br />
<br />
Once i got back to Rome, i managed to get my hand on a beautiful set... the Alesis Strike Pro  . While it did cost me half a leg, i managed to get a double pedal and some nice toms <3. 
<br />
<br />
![new set]

                                                